That self-defense gadget, the stun gun,
has somehow become a sport.
Tonight, a new martial art will be born.
Sports Stun Gun.
And we're off.
I'm your tournament commissioner, Osamu
Shitara. Nice to meet you.
What is this, guys?
Right?
Huh?
Do your best.
We're starting with Sports Stun Gun?
This is the first I've heard of it.
Huh?
W-W-Wait, what?
Whoa!
Hold on.
It's real.
There it is.
Okay, okay, okay.
This is insane.
Insane.
So, as you can see...
As you can see...
People are scared of stun guns.
Naturally.
Right.
People are scared of them.
That was terrifying.
But why not turn it into a sport?
How do you make that a sport?
But you're all dressed for it already,
so you came here knowing you'd do it.
No we didn't.
We didn't.
Well, anyway... Honestly, I think this is
a simple, easy-to-follow event.
The rules are simple.
Really simple.
It's one-on-one, and whoever gets stunned
loses. That's right.
I'm already 48, you know.
I'm not that much younger.
I'm 48 too.
Oh, 48?
We even have the same birthday, May 27.
What?!
May 27.
Oh, happy birthday.
Careful, careful.
This is scary as hell.
Let go of me.
It's not just a little zap.
So, with that...
Today these eight comedians will face off
in a tournament.
Only the winner gets to leave the venue
without being stunned even once.
First up, in the opening round...
Minamikawa vs. Omiokuri Geinin Shinichi.
Kickboxing, jiu-jitsu...
And Krav Maga too,
that Israeli close-combat style,
and Systema.
I've trained in MMA too,
so in terms of fighting another person,
I think I'm more used to it than the
others.
I think I can land it with speed.
I'm still only 39, and I can run the 50
meters in the 6-second range.
So I think I can use that.
And now an unprecedented sport is about to
begin. I'll be on play-by-play, Shigeki Seino.
Thank you very much.
Yep.
We're about to begin the first match of
round one. This time it's Minamikawa vs. Shinichi.
A great matchup right out of the gate.
Absolutely.
This is the very first Sports Stun Gun
match.
No one has ever seen one before,
so this is the one to watch.
How will they attack? And what happens
when you actually get hit?
Right.
Minamikawa.
Yes.
How are you feeling right now?
Honestly...
You mean in here? Inside the arena?
I'm terrified.
Absolutely terrified.
I'm really scared. This just feels wrong,
holding one of these.
Seriously, seeing that in your face like
that is bad. Yeah, it's scary.
Now then, Shinichi.
Yeah.
How about you? I've never done martial
arts, so just being in this space is making my heart race.
Ah, right, right.
But...
at the same time, part of me is thinking I
finally get to beat someone up.
Like, all right, let's do this. You don't
usually get a chance to throw hands.
I see.
Right.
Officiating the match is Yoshinori Umeki,
well known from Pancrase and K-1.
Thank you for having me.
This is legit.
Can he even officiate this?
All right, everyone...
Here we go.
Can't wait.
Let's get started. Please.
Go, go, go!
Do your best.
Face each other.
Whoa, scary.
Bow to each other.
All right, it's about to start.
Set.
This could be over in an instant.
Whoa.
Whoa, what is this?
You can hear the crackling electricity.
Fight.
Whoa.
Hold on a second.
This is the dawn of history.
This is the first match in a brand-new
sport. Ah, I see, Shinichi's circling.
Minamikawa is pressuring him.
You can't get close, can you?
Whoa.
Shinichi is circling, using his feet.
Right, right. Where do you go for it? The
legs? The shoulder?
Whoa, he's closing in.
Yeah, he's closing in.
He's reaching with the lead hand.
Scary, scary.
He's closing the distance. Minamikawa is
posting that lead hand and applying pressure.
Scary, scary.
You can do it, you can do it.
Whoa.
Shinichi throws a feint.
Wow, this is great.
This is a good match.
Just watching this is already amazing.
You can do it.
Scary. The distance between them is
starting to close.
He's staying low. Shinichi is keeping low.
Yeah.
So Minamikawa can maybe use his lead hand
to parry it away like this. He's having trouble attacking.
Yeah.
Or bat it away,
something like that, maybe.
Oh!
Minamikawa goes back to the lead hand.
What'll he do?
Pressure again - the distance is closing.
Shinichi's got the cage at his back.
Ah, dangerous.
Showing your back is bad.
It's bad if he shows his back here.
It is.
Oh.
Oh, careful.
It's okay.
He's staying low.
Shinichi keeps that low, tackle-like
stance. Everyone around them...
What a match.
Scary.
Great match.
Looking good.
They've called a brief break. They're so
focused, this could get exhausting if it drags on.
This looks exhausting.
And terrifying.
To win today, they have to survive three
matches. Stamina matters too.
Right, three matches takes stamina. If the
first one goes long... Go, go, go, go!
Uh-oh, he's coming.
Minamikawa closes the distance.
Circling that way is scary. If his feet
stop, Shinichi's getting caught.
He's been backed into the red.
He's against the cage.
Go, go, go.
The gap is closing.
Can he finish it?
Shinichi uses his footwork.
Footwork, footwork.
Go, go, go.
How's this, how's this?
Oh!
He saw it coming.
Now Shinichi fires back.
What even is this?
What kind of match is this?
Shitara-san, this is lasting longer than
expected.
When you think about it, this is basically
no different from a knife. Exactly.
It really is.
It's basically a knife.
This is the kind of thing you want to
watch while eating steak. That's some rich-guy shit.
It's already gone way long. Shinichi's
footwork is holding up, just like that claim he can still run in the sixes.
Ah, he's switching hands.
Yeah.
He's switching back and forth constantly.
Go, go, go, go!
Shinichi keeps switching. And now
Minamikawa puts that lead hand out again.
He's going after that hand.
Right.
So close.
Yeah, he's mixing high and low.
In terms of footwork, this is completely
Shinichi's edge. Yeah, he's disrupting him.
Right.
He's varying high and low.
Whoa, whoa - has Shinichi finally been
cornered? Whoa, whoa.
That was close.
Oh!
To the body, to the body.
Didn't land.
He leaned back and slipped it just now.
There's no time limit on this, right?
That's right. So it could end quickly, or
this could go on for an hour.
What if he gets hit in the ass?
They're both getting tired now.
Minamikawa's breathing hard.
Oh, now Shinichi...
Whoa.
He got him.
That's Shinichi.
Whoa.
Right there.
No, no, he got him.
He landed one to the body.
He got him.
Ow, ow.
Hold on.
See, I knew it.
Winner of the first match of round one...
Minamikawa.
Wait, what happened?
Minamikawa dropped his guard there.
Yeah, that's right - no guard.
He was like, I'm not going in there. He
looked like he was finally getting tired.
Whoa.
Ah, so he did dodge it.
Oh, I see.
Got it.
He's still holding back.
Yeah.
Does it still hurt right now?
Well...
Near the heart?
True.
Well, it's not exactly good for you.
See?
Still, he'll probably be fine.
His eyes are still alive.
I mean, I'm alive, yeah.
True enough.
The staff apparently tested it out a
little, so it's fine. Please take this seriously.
And with that, round one...
A beautiful win for Minamikawa.
He's strong.
Did he do it?
A title favorite.
Next, first round match two...
Takuya Tani of Pumpkin Potato Fry vs.
Michio of Tom Brown.
Honestly, and this is true,
my arms are long.
And also...
my elbows...
really bend in here.
Flexibility and reach.
And besides, this thing was invented so
even a guy built like me
could stop someone like Michio. That's
what a stun gun is for. Yeah.
I'm cherishing that feeling of fear,
and now it's turning into excitement. The
excitement that I might get to use this on him.
The excitement that I might get hit too.
I'm nurturing that feeling right now.
Now then, on to round one, match two.
Tani.
Yeah. Tani's famous for being a piece of
trash, right?
Ah.
That's true.
A scumbag and
from a single-parent home, yeah.
No, no, I didn't say that part. He just
looks weak, so I'm rooting for him.
Yeah, exactly. So,
if I fight him straight up,
I'm losing on size and everything,
so I'll have to use my head a little.
Right.
That's how I plan to win.
Ah, this is bad.
Man, scary.
I want him to do his best.
All right.
Let's do this then.
Okay.
Bow to each other.
Please.
Set.
Fight!
Oh!
And round one, match two is underway.
This is terrifying.
Seriously terrifying.
There's a size difference.
There is.
Yeah. Though Tani may have a slight reach
advantage.
That's right, his arms are longer.
Oh, he's going in.
He's applying pressure already.
Closing in.
Michio has judo experience. First-degree
black belt. Oh, he went low.
Go low.
Low.
Looks like that's Tani's plan.
Hope that movement holds up.
He's going in from underneath.
I see. Tani is really relying on his
flexibility now.
Oh, this is...
The distance closes.
How's this?
But if he gets hit, it's over.
That's right.
The hands are no good either.
Ah, Michio goes on the attack.
In the end, stamina...
Oh, he threw a kick.
I see.
So that's allowed too, huh?
Maybe he's using that as a feint,
to set up the touch.
He puts the right hand out.
Just like in judo, he fights with the
right hand forward. I guess...
For Michio, a short fight is probably
better. Right.
Probably because of stamina.
Makes you want to take the inside.
The inside? Yeah, you want to control the
center of the ring.
Ah, I see.
The center.
But it's surprisingly hard to take.
People who've done this before...
The center's really hard to take in this.
So even a touch on the fingertips counts
as out. Right.
So with footwork, quick in and out...
The hands matter too.
I think the plan was that crouching move.
Come on, stop already.
Just end it already.
Yeah, that's it.
He crouches.
That's the one.
What the hell is that?
Though...
This might be a strategy to make himself a
smaller target. He's staying crouched.
Hard to attack from there, maybe?
Tani lowers his center of gravity.
No, I get it.
But I still can't go in.
Whoa, did it get in his eye?
How was that?
Maybe not.
You just can't go in on this.
Is he still okay?
Oh!
And low kicks are banned too, right?
Since...
That's right.
Ah, they crossed up.
Just now,
neither of them landed.
It touched him, but the electricity didn't
go through. Ah, I see, I see.
So that doesn't count.
Too shallow.
Well, Sports Stun Gun is still evolving as
a sport. That's right.
Please decide that before we start.
This is only the second match.
But isn't it kind of great? Being the ones
making history. No, no, no.
Is this really going to keep going?
The first-ever, the first-ever...
The first-ever, you know.
Is this history really continuing?
These rules are ridiculous.
Anyway, has that little interval helped
Michio recover some stamina? Right.
Both of them...
Oh!
He's bringing it up in front of his face.
Trying to play on the fear.
Yeah.
Oh, he went for the hand.
What about the wrist?
That may have been only one prong too.
I see. Both of them are sticking out the
lead hand,
trying to make the other one take it.
Scary.
Oh.
They're at chicken range.
Whoa, the wrist.
Ah, he stopped it.
Ah.
He stopped it.
The wrist.
There it goes.
Michio, that was impressive.
Michio, just to confirm, you're not just
tanking it when it lands, right?
Maybe he just can't feel it? No,
apparently if only one electrode touches, it doesn't conduct.
I see.
So both prongs have to make contact.
So he hasn't felt a single jolt.
Let's look back at the replay.
At first it looks like it landed,
but only one side made contact.
Just the fingertips.
Michio is good, man.
Only one side.
He slipped it. And even if it touches, if
it's only one side, the current doesn't go through.
Oh, this, this, this.
Whoa.
Yeah, that landed.
Right here, right here.
Yeah, right there.
Still, I knew it...
Ow.
That looked painful.
If you turn your back and run,
that's no good.
Right.
You okay, Tani? No, it's just, when we
started trading kicks...
Yeah.
At that point...
I got really scared.
Why are you laughing at that?
Come on, that's not fair. So how about the
spot where you got hit - does it still hurt?
It does.
Ah, but...
Can we show it on camera properly?
Oh, no way.
Ah, no, it's fine.
You're going to show it?
Of course we can show it.
He's not bleeding.
Right.
That's not blood, right?
Isn't that blood?
It is blood.
That on the far left - isn't that blood?
No, it's not.
Even if he's bleeding a little,
that's fine.
What?!
That's okay?
Rare to hear that. I mean, in combat
sports, if someone bleeds...
So we're allowing it?
I see, I see.
Right, right. The winner of match two was
Michio of Tom Brown.
He's strong after all.
Next, round one match three...
Tokyo Hoteison's Shogo vs. Ungirls'
Yamane. I think out of everyone here today...
I'm confident I've trained harder than
anyone else. Weight training applies to every sport,
so I don't think stun-gun wrestling is any
exception.
And in terms of reach,
I think I may have the advantage.
Sure, there's the age thing and the
movement thing, but before he can reach me,
I feel like my hands can reach him first,
so in that respect...
I think I can win.
Yeah.
All right, let's do this.
Man, which way does this go?
Bow to each other.
Shogo's good, man.
All right... whoa, scary. It's scary every
single time. And the match is underway.
All right, all right, all right.
There's an 11-centimeter difference today.
Eleven centimeters.
That's a big reach difference.
Yeah, exactly. Yamane of Ungirls will want
to make full use of that reach.
Ah, Shogo...
But his movement looks good.
Yeah, his footwork is good. Oh, he's doing
something, he's doing something.
Whoa, he's trying all sorts of things.
Shaking him.
Seeing a stun gun right in front of you
really amps up the fear. It's terrifying.
If it comes right into your line of sight,
it's terrifying. Because you know what happens if it lands.
Oh!
Hah!
Ah, he psyched himself up.
He psyched himself up.
Maybe shouting helps with the fear.
I can see that.
Hah!
Oh!
Ah!
That might actually be a good idea.
Go, go, go!
The shouting's working.
Go!
This is kind of great. Feels like an
old-school duel. Hah!
Hah!
Shogo's looking for an opening too.
Is he going from below?
No, but this is...
That stance...
Oh!
He threw a front kick.
This is bad, bad, bad.
All right, Shogo.
This is something.
Ah, this is scary.
They both flinched there, right?
Like two weirdos running into each other.
Two weirdos.
A meeting of two weirdos. Like pervs
bumping into each other on a street corner.
We made that happen.
Brothers, brothers.
Like, wait, you're carrying one too?
You're carrying one too?
You've got one too? Shogo's fired up now.
Has his confidence gone up?
Whoa!
Shogo went for it!
Now it's Yamane.
He's holding his a little higher.
Circle, circle - get around him.
That hook is working really well.
Whoa!
Oh, Shogo starts applying pressure.
Oh.
Can he even dodge that? Maybe not.
When it gets right in your face...
From above...
you can't go low or circle out anymore.
Yamane's reach is a real threat.
No way Shogo can get inside there.
Yeah, handling the stun gun itself may be
a key factor here too. They stopped.
The movement stopped.
They're frozen, they're frozen.
Stalemate.
Whoa!
Working behind feints.
Now he comes forward.
He's stepping in.
Oh, how's this?
Not yet. Ah, the electricity didn't go
through there.
I see.
Yep.
This is terrifying.
Yeah, I get it.
It really hurts. Maybe next time we should
add baton-style ones too.
Please don't add new stuff.
A long one, like...
A stun baton.
Don't start adding things halfway through.
They're breathing really hard now.
No way, this is impossible.
Even so, it takes courage to go in.
But at this point, he has to go.
Shogo has to go now. But it's scary
because he could get hit too.
Whoa!
Maybe go for the wrist?
Still okay?
Shogo starts shouting again.
He advances.
Shogo keeps coming forward.
Go, go, go!
Yamane pulled back.
Go, go, go, go!
The wrist.
What happens here?
They're getting closer, closer.
Ah.
Go, go.
Attack - go, go.
The wrist.
Cornered rat and all that...
Oh no, he dropped it.
The wrist.
Like a cornered rat...
Oh no, he dropped it.
Ah, ah.
He dropped the stun gun.
He dropped the stun gun - he let go of it.
This is bad.
Shogo is unarmed now, completely unarmed.
Ah.
Shogo just got hit with the stun gun here.
What an idiot. Shogo got hit with the stun
gun right there.
What an idiot. In the end, Shogo got
stunned while unarmed, right on the left shoulder.
Of course he lost.
What the hell?
He dropped his weapon.
That's actually hilarious.
Ah, he'd already dropped it by then.
He wanted to go pick it back up though.
He got back up.
That stun gun is really working.
Just muscles.
Nothing but muscles.
A body made of nothing but muscle.
Nothing but muscle.
Muscle.
Ah, useless.
All that muscle for nothing.
Useless muscle.
Pointless.
Shogo.
You can't go dropping the stun gun.
The hopelessness is brutal.
I was like...
How am I supposed to do this?
Well, now we know from this match.
If you drop it yourself, the match
continues. I see.
No time-out.
No time-out at all.
And now, the winner of match three is...
Yamane of Ungirls.
Yeah!
All right!
Congratulations.
And next, the last match of round one...
Nihonichi Omoshiroi Osaki of Champions vs.
Tsuda of Diane.
I played baseball at Nagasaki Nichidai,
made the bench,
and even went to Koshien.
So for a comedian who played baseball,
I'm on a whole different level.
And I also did fencing
for all three years of high school.
I even won an individual title,
so I'm pretty confident.
So yeah, I want to use all of that and win
Sports Stun Gun.
Tsuda-kun.
Yeah.
Goi-goi-su!
Thank you.
No, no, thank you.
I want to see a Goi-goi-su stun gun.
Huh?
You think I'd have time for that?!
I'd like to see it.
All right, here we go.
All right!
Let's begin.
Whoa! Ah!
Bow to each other.
Ah, sorry.
Set.
Whoa, which way does this go?
The final match of round one is underway.
Keep shouting, keep shouting.
Whoa!
Tsuda of Diane has fencing experience.
Hey, hey, hey.
Tsuda-kun needs to end this quickly,
stamina-wise. Yeah, the stamina part is really rough.
Well, he is 48 after all.
Yeah.
Ah, Osaki's coming in yelling.
This is scary.
It's scary, right?
Hey.
Hey. No, this distance is terrifying.
Scary. Really scary.
Hey. Tsuda's movement already looks bad -
he's older too.
Tsuda says lately he's done nothing but
golf. Oh!
Oh!
Damn.
Who's attacking who here?
Which one was that just now?
Ah, there it is!
I can't even tell.
Can't tell.
He farted.
He farted. If you farted and didn't shit
yourself, then we're fine.
You're fine. Just don't crap yourself the
instant you get stunned.
Right.
Might piss yourself too.
Osaki comes forward. He sets up and
attacks with the right hand. Tsuda backs up. He's getting cornered.
Ah, close, close, close.
Close.
Close, close.
O-Oh, Osaki can get him here.
Looks like he can, but he can't. He can't
go in because Tsuda might counter.
He just can't get in.
He's laughing.
Osaki reaches out again.
Ah!
Ah, did he get him?
No, not yet.
Not yet.
That distance...
Oh, Tsuda's in trouble.
Tsuda's definitely getting winded.
Tsuda's stamina is really in trouble now.
He's getting pressured.
Ah!
Forty-eight-year-old stamina.
Oh!
Oh, the right hand.
Still no clean hit, though.
Go, Tsuda-san, you should attack.
Osaki can't step in either.
Careful!
He lost his balance.
He can't get back up.
This is a fatal position.
A fatal position.
A fatal position has emerged.
Ah, a fatal position.
Tsuda is still sitting down.
What does he do? His life...
Osaki can't quite go in. Tsuda-kun...
Or is he lining up a punch?
That moment in history is coming back.
How about this?
Hit! Tsuda gets zapped.
Hit!
Tsuda got zapped.
Ah, Tsuda got hit while still seated.
Once he sat down, he couldn't get back up.
What happened to Tsuda-san?
That situation was just total despair
again. Despair.
He just couldn't stand back up.
That's crazy.
Crazy. When was he ever supposed to attack
from there?
Ridiculous. One little jolt and even his
legs were done.
Tsuda-san was aiming too.
He got turned around completely.
Yeah, he got turned around.
Scary.
If they get your back, that's it.
From behind.
Yeah, his legs and lower back were gone.
Age really showed there. He just didn't
have the strength left to get back up.
Hey.
Damn.
That was terrifying - when he was coming
at him still seated. His legs gave out.
Osaki is scary.
Goi-goi-su!
Thank you very much.
What was that? Anyway, now we're moving on
to the best four.
First up in semifinal one: Minamikawa, who
beat Shinichi in round one.
Who will come out on top?
This should be a fun one.
Yeah, it's a great matchup.
Whoa.
All right, let's get to this semifinal.
Here we go.
Do your best.
Bow to each other.
Please.
This is scary as hell.
Ready.
All right, which way will it go?
Fight!
And we're underway. Both of them have
combat sports experience.
No, Minamikawa is seriously strong.
Keep an eye on - oh.
Nobody's moving.
They're staying with it.
They're both leaning way forward.
No, this is dead serious.
Is he trying to swat it out of his hand?
Michio's doing that judo sliding step, you know.
Yeah.
Ah, no - he's taking the center.
It looks kind of familiar.
Like he's claiming the middle.
Oh!
Ah, ah, ah!
He threw a hand.
Whoa!
Michio dropped the stun gun.
And Minamikawa picked it up.
Shoot him, shoot him, shoot him!
Shoot him, shoot him - no!
Don't fix it.
Now they're striking.
They're striking.
A kick, a kick.
Is he going to use kicks?
You can't hit him with it.
And - oh, Minamikawa goes in.
A shot to the back!
You can't hit him with it.
And - oh, Minamikawa goes in.
A shot to the back!
Why'd he drop it, though?
Let's take another look.
Why'd he drop it?
Right here.
He dove in.
He went for the finish.
He dropped it when he rushed in.
Minamikawa stayed calm.
He kept his cool and went to pick it up.
He tried to finish it early.
I see, I see.
Dirty.
You can't kick, I'm telling you.
He still hasn't shaken that habit.
Man, that's dirty. Once it gets like this,
there's nothing you can do.
This is terrifying.
Terrifying.
Mr. Minamikawa's eyes are crazy.
And the last one was to the back.
That was scary. Michio must've felt total
despair the moment he dropped it.
Yeah, it was over. Completely over.
Scary, scary, scary.
He looked ready to kill him.
And now, semifinal two...
Who will come out on top?
Bow to each other.
Ready.
Fight! The much-anticipated clash between
stablemates begins.
Hey, hey.
Hey.
Hey. So, Alice, how have your live shows
been lately?
He's talking.
Yeah, he does the agency live shows.
So Ungirls still doesn't do the agency
shows anymore? We do.
Oh, no, I mean us younger guys.
Hah!
The conversation got interrupted.
The younger guys, right.
To younger guys, Ungirls counts as within
ten years, within ten years. Yamane closes the distance.
He's not engaging with the conversation at
all. No, not at all.
Well, he doesn't need to play along with
that anyway. Right.
He's completely unfazed.
This is work.
Osaki's strategy isn't working.
Osaki's strategy isn't working at all.
Yamane just keeps pressing forward.
That reach is getting in there.
His reach is so long, so long.
Yeah, that reach is scary.
Look at his legs.
The senior guy isn't rattled at all.
Hang in there.
The veteran isn't shaken - Yamane.
Seriously, wow.
He's tall.
Listen to me here.
Ah.
He's really so long, I can't get inside.
Listen to me.
If this goes on forever, do the batteries
start running down? Ah.
Huh, has it gotten weaker?
Oh!
Ah, careful.
Osaki makes his move.
Ah, he got him down.
Yamane went down - he got stunned.
Ow!
That looked painful.
Dirty.
He got him.
Osaki, that was dirty.
That was dirty.
What the hell, man?!
No, that was dirty.
What kind of move was that?
That goes against the way of the stun gun.
The way of the stun gun.
Dirty.
That was allowed. The referee hadn't
stepped in to stop it yet.
He was checking whether the current was
flowing, checking the current. Checking the current.
Ah, he turned around. So he dove in while
the current was running?
Whoa.
Ah, he flinched.
Ah, right here.
Careful.
That hit.
He stumbled.
Did he get him?
He got him twice.
No, no - three times.
Three times.
One more time.
Whoa.
He's still going. Yamane had already taken
one to the chest before he fell.
Right, he took one to the chest and went
down. Then just when he thought, "Oh no, I got hit," he got stabbed in the butt too.
And then in the heel too.
Three times.
What a psycho. Man, I guess this kind of
thing can happen too.
Some are saying that goes against the way
of the stun gun. But he didn't miss that split-second opening.
Yeah, but it was legal under the rules,
wasn't it? Yeah.
The referee hadn't stopped it, so it was
okay to keep going. Right, yes.
I don't think it broke any rules. That guy
strayed from the way of Sports Stun Gun.
He's gone against the way of Sports Stun
Gun. Even that kind of yelling goes against the way of Sports Stun Gun.
So that's what it was.
And with that, the 1st Sports Stun Gun
Tournament has just one match left: the final.
But before that...
All right, the final is coming up next,
but before that, we'd like to hold an exhibition match.
W-W-Wait, what? An exhibition?
Hey, wait a second, wait a second.
Leaving after getting hit with a stun gun
just once feels a little... No, that's more than enough.
It's plenty.
Too little screen time.
No, it's enough. I'll work hard from the
sidelines. We seriously don't need this.
Now listen carefully about this
exhibition. What, what, what?
We're going to have six people enter the
cage. Whoa!
What?!
W-W-Wait.
What kind of gathering is this?
We'll have six people enter.
Yay!
And then...
Only one person...
Huh?
...survives in a battle royale.
A battle royale.
We do not need that.
That's the exhibition we'd like to do.
Ugh, the worst.
It's a match.
So then, everyone except the two
finalists, please enter the ring. This is the worst.
Seriously? And does the last one standing
win anything?
People will go, "Wow." What the hell kind
of prize is that?! Ah! Ah!
I want that "wow," though.
Seriously.
I was told it was just one time.
Quit screwing around!
Now then, the six men are facing each
other inside the cage.
Each of them is holding a stun gun. At
this point, you could practically call it a fight to the death.
What kind of match will this turn into?
Let's work with Blue for now.
We'll take out the two on Red first.
Hey, hey, hey, no fair.
No, no, no, seriously, not like that.
Let's do this without any betrayals, please.
I trust you.
Don't do it.
All right then, let's begin.
No, no.
Let's do three on three for now.
Three on three.
No, no, no. For now we're allies.
For now, allies.
For now, allies. No, no, no, that's cheap.
Two against four is cheap. Two against four is cheap.
Shinichi, please be quiet.
Okay.
All right, we're starting.
Referee.
Everyone.
Bow.
Please.
Set.
Start!
Teams, teams, teams, teams!
And we're underway. Maybe we should call
this Ultimate Stun Gun.
Let's make teams.
Shinichi says we should team up.
Stop, stop, stop! Stop!
Let's go for Red, Red.
There are fewer on Red.
I see.
And now we've got a four-on-two situation.
Stop, stop, stop! Red, Red, Red, Red!
Tsuda-san, Tsuda-san.
What's he going to do?
What will the two on Red do?
Ah!
Now Tsuda makes his move.
The two on Red.
He betrayed them.
An unbelievable betrayal.
Tani betrayed them.
Tani's betrayal.
What the hell, man?
No, no, no. Hold on, hold on.
And now Michio goes in.
Ah, that guy.
Whoa, Tsuda - Tsuda's out of there.
Tani.
Three of them have Michio cornered.
Ah!
Payback.
Mr. Yamane.
Tani is strong. Tani's got two of them.
Mr. Yamane, wait a second.
Hold on, hold on. And just like that,
three men are already out.
That leaves three.
Tani is moving surprisingly well.
That push-back we saw in round one is
showing itself again. Mr. Yamane has a ton of energy left right now.
Trust me.
I've still got a lot left in the tank.
Seriously, let's do this right here.
No, no, no. Tani's really - Tani's
honestly got a terrible personality. No, you're the one!
Then Mr. Yamane, Mr. Yamane - Tani is
seriously dangerous. He'll really do it, for real.
No, no.
What do we do?
It's like a negotiation now.
He may be getting a little cocky.
I'm sorry.
Mr. Yamane.
You don't need "may be" - just call him
cocky. A triangle formation has taken shape.
It all depends on what Mr. Yamane does.
Mr. Yamane, come up behind him.
Tani closes the distance. If Yamane gets
behind either one of them, he's got a shot.
True, true. Mr. Yamane, seriously - I
really do listen to your radio show.
I seriously listen to your radio show, Mr.
Yamane. He's lying. He doesn't listen to your show, Mr. Yamane.
Mr. Yamane, you have a radio show?
I do, I do.
Ah, that wasn't good, was it, Tani?
Mr. Yamane, I really listen to your show -
your show is seriously funny. What's it like? What's it like?
It's great - Fukawa Ryo was on it just the
other day. Okay.
Ah, it's decided. Now it's two on one. Has
Tani been trapped?
His face just changed.
This isn't good odds for him.
He's badly outnumbered.
Now it's become a two-on-one setup.
But from Tani's point of view, if he can
take out one of them... Right, then he can make it one on one.
So Tani's plan is to target Shinichi
first. He's going in.
This is bad, bad.
Tani's getting worn out now, seriously.
He already took out Michio and Shogo,
after all. He took down two guys by himself.
Honestly, I've got this easy right now.
Let's move back to the middle once.
No, shut up! You shut up!
Seriously, please just shut up.
Seriously.
Seriously, you - look at that.
We're not getting anywhere. One hit with
the stun gun... No, wait for him to come from behind.
Mr. Yamane.
This is really the kind of person he is.
This is bad, bad - Tani's in trouble.
Tani's coming out, coming out.
Ah, here he comes, here he comes!
He's just got to go for it now.
The distance is closing.
Tani advances with his wrist trembling.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
The distance is closing.
Two on one.
Shinichi - Shinichi's been caught.
Two against one.
Ah, he betrayed him.
And here's Yamane's betrayal.
Nicely done.
Yamane betrayed Shinichi.
So that's how this is going, huh?
Well, of course he didn't want to get hit
with that. Scary.
He's the bad guy here after all, isn't he?
Him, right? He never really thought my radio show was funny.
Battle royale.
And now it's down to one on one.
Ah, the crouching strategy. Yeah, the
crouching strategy worked once already.
Tani may have gone out in round one, but
in this battle royale... ...he's really showing his strength.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
No shots to the face, okay?
Yeah, no face shots, but still...
No face shots.
This format might just suit him.
I see. By crouching, he makes his target
area smaller.
He's reducing the surface area that can be
hit. That reach is long.
I see.
But that sliding step gets tiring.
That forward-leaning stance. Still, I feel
like Tani is starting to enjoy this a little.
True - you can see it in his face now,
he's smiling. This fight to the death.
Stun-guns high.
He's totally on a stun-gun high now.
What is this?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Did that do it?
Wow, he's not scared at all.
What do you mean, "that's what this is"?
What is this?
He's walking while staying crouched.
Yamane is using that reach...
Ah! Yamane finishes him with that long
reach. Yamane is strong.
And the last shot was a straight right.
It's all about the reach, the reach.
Yamane's reach carried him to victory.
Whoa, that battle royale really had all
kinds of... well...
It gave us some real drama. The moment the
two-against-one situation on Tani suddenly flipped...
That was fun.
From both sides.
Right?
Like, "Ahhh!"
You suddenly get all these human dynamics.
And betrayals.
And Shogo too - at first it looked like
he'd team up with Tani, but he got betrayed instantly. Exactly.
Has anyone ever been this pitiful?
Well, I made the first move because I
wanted to break up the Blue team first.
Then from behind, this red, super-fast
guy...
...came after my shoulder. It happened in
an instant. It hurt like hell.
It was crazy, right? And after that, Tsuda
got targeted too, right?
Michio just came charging straight at me.
And the scary thing was, I couldn't dodge
him. He was like a dump truck.
But then Michio got taken out by Tani too.
Yeah, he got hit from behind.
Right?
Yeah.
All right, Yamane.
Yes.
Congratulations.
Thank you very much.
What even was that?
What was that?
Give me something, anything.
That was just infighting, seriously.
All right, all right.
Don't "all right, all right" me.
And now, Sports Stun Gun heads at last
into the final.
Minamikawa versus Japan's Funniest Osaki.
Which one will become the inaugural champion?
Mr. Minamikawa!
Mr. Minamikawa, go!
Minamikawa!
Mr. Minamikawa! Funny thing is, now that
we've made it to the final, these two really do have a different aura.
It really feels like two strong guys are
standing there. Yeah.
It really makes you want to know who's
strongest. I want to see it.
Shinichi's a little fired up too.
Yeah, because he faced Mr. Minamikawa in
round one, so he really wants him to win it all. I see.
That does happen, right? You want to feel
like the guy who beat you was actually strong.
Osaki beat us, but we still want Osaki to
lose. Hey, hold on.
Yeah, I can't root for that guy.
All right then, let's get to the final.
All right!
Let's do this.
Bow to each other.
Please.
All right, here we go.
Take your stance.
Fight!
And we're off. The winner becomes the
first-ever champion.
Oh, is he going to carry him?
Fight!
Yeah, yeah.
He's got him cornered.
Go, Mr. Minamikawa.
Keep your eyes on him.
Mr. Minamikawa, go!
Minamikawa's really good at this.
That reach. The winner will earn the same
kind of honor as Royce Gracie.
After all, being the first champion of a
tournament like this means your name goes down in history. Exactly.
No, with combat sports... Minamikawa opens
with the lead hand and applies pressure.
His footwork is good.
The way his feet stay loose.
This... But Osaki originally played
catcher in baseball.
He's confident in his reflexes.
Speed.
Talk while you do it.
Oh, he's coming in.
Mr. Minamikawa, stay with it.
Oh!
Osaki is trying to throw him off.
Yeah.
Go high, high, make it big.
Careful, he's going for the hand.
Oh, didn't he hit his hand?
He did, he did, he did!
The electricity's running, electricity!
Ah, man.
He did it again, again.
He's going for the cheap shot.
Ah, he went for another cheap shot too.
Just like in the semifinal, he's going for surprise attacks.
Now's the moment, now's the moment.
Minamikawa's eyes just changed.
Even in a technical match like this...
...the switch just flipped.
Minamikawa's killer switch just flipped.
He's going no-guard - incredible.
He's aiming for the face.
That's dirty.
That dirty tactic from earlier...
...flipped the switch.
Osaki goes for the same surprise attack as
before. Hey.
No, this...
Oh!
Ah, he turned his back.
He's arching away.
Osaki turns his back on his opponent.
This is very tricky...
A tricky strategy.
Osaki's gone no-guard now.
Ah, he swung behind his back.
With a backhand.
He went with a backhand.
That doesn't do anything.
Don't look.
Oh.
Ah, he's not tired.
He's leaning against the cage.
No, is he baiting him in?
Me?
Ah, careful.
Whoa.
Ah, that landed.
Which one was it?
Which one?
Stop, stop, stop!
It landed a second ago, didn't it?
Which one?
Which one was it?
Huh? What happened?
Which one?
But Osaki's still standing.
Osaki's still standing.
Wait a second.
Osaki didn't get hit?
Why is Osaki still standing?
Huh?
I haven't felt any pain.
No way.
Let's check the VTR.
It hit, right?
What exactly happened there?
I thought it made pretty solid contact.
They got tangled up.
He dodged this.
Ah, it didn't hit.
It missed - no contact.
So it didn't hit.
His hand kind of...
The electricity was just conducting
through. His hand was at an angle, so maybe it never fully connected.
Ah.
And then this...
Didn't it hit his butt?
Where did Minamikawa get hit?
So he did get hit.
Right here.
The heart, and...
...the heart and the butt.
He got hit twice.
Twice?
Twice.
This guy again...
While they were tangled up.
Ah, that's where one of them landed.
Right here. And after this, you think it's
going to the back...
No, that didn't hit.
It goes to the butt.
Strong.
Ah.
Amazing.
Osaki.
That was incredible from Osaki.
Seriously.
Even while falling down...
...while tangled up.
What a move.
Wow, what an exchange.
A final worthy of the name.
Yeah, it was high-level stuff.
Damn it. Has there ever been a champion
who felt this unsatisfying?
Why did that guy have to win?
Nobody can root for you.
And with that, the winner is...
Japan's Funniest Osaki.
I can't accept this.
That last match was amazing, but Osaki...
...won the whole thing without getting hit even once.
That's right.
Exactly.
Does it hurt?
Man, that's irritating.
Why did a guy like that have to win?
Minamikawa came so close.
He really did. If there's a second one, I
absolutely want to win it.
You wanted that first-ever title, didn't
you? You lost hard.
Wow, this really is frustrating.
Honestly, I thought this even before we
started, but this really is like a real combat sport. Yeah, it really is close.
This is unbelievably frustrating.
It's incredible.
So everybody wants to do it again, right?
Tsuda, you'd want back in too if there's a second one, right?
I do...
No way.
Really?
I'll train up again from here.
Tsuda said fencing would give him a
special advantage, but it didn't help at all. Not one bit.
What?
Not one bit.
Still, if you brought in an active fencer,
they'd probably be strong at this. Yeah, maybe.
Please make it a little longer next time.
After this, let's all throw around some
ideas.
Make it better.
Make it even better.
Like tackles.
Tackles.
Ah, that's good.
Now all kinds of ideas are coming out.
This segment really works.
And with that, we'll see you again someday
for the second tournament. Osaki is the champion.
Congratulations.
All right!
Goodbye.
I really can't argue with it.